"2012, Micheal:This Is it && A Christmas Carol Are Cool Movies"	1
2012 was the worst... should''ve saw christmas carol in 3d...	-1
"a christmas carol. good movie, but some scenes were scary! not a movie for little kids! now, onto watching ""christmas vacation""."	1
A Christmas Carol in 3D is AMAZING! The people look so real!	1
"A Christmas carol is possibly the shittest movie ever, I just fell asleep"	-1
A christmas carol was amazing :) and alice in wonderland looks freaky!!! I'm excited!	1
A Christmas Carol was just great...I love Jim Carrey =)	1
A Christmas Carol was pretty cool...and I looooove 3D!	1
"A Christmas Carol was quite heartwarming. No really, this Pixar movie almost made me cry. Now I want Christmas."	1
"Also saw Christmas Carol in 3D at the cinema, marvelous implementation of technology and Carrey great, but added little to original story"	1
back frm Disney's A Christmas Carol w/ Jim Carey in 3D... it was ok. kinda boring. #achristmascarol	-1
breee breee guess what movie i watched??????? christmas carol in 3 d it was awsum lol!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"Busy weekend, concert, shopping, movies. Saw Christmas Carol 3D, definite recommend, new take on old classic...scary bits 4 little kids tho!"	1
@chrisaunders stoooopit shoulda saw christmas carol 3d so good.	1
christmas carol...i liked	1
Christmas Carol was kind of the sheeeit. Fyi.	-1
@DaleNSebat just saw Christmas carol in 3d with Erin! Was awesomeeeeee! How r u? Tell Heidi good luck with the new Job ;)	1
"Did the whole city see rush to 2012 this weekend? Fully sold out Sat. when I tried. Saw Christmas Carol instead. Amazing effects, no heart."	1
"Elaine & I and Becca, Mikki, and Jason went to see A Christmas Carol (Jim Carrey) at the IMAX theater in 3D, then had pizza.  Was awesome!"	1
"Everyone needs to see ""A Christmas Carol"" in 3D!!!  It is worth the extra $2!  Amazing!  It looked like the snow was falling in the theater!"	1
Finally saw Law Abiding Citizen - the bomb! Also saw Christmas Carol - Jim Carey was his absolute best! Great movie day!	1
"had an alright night, christmas carol was lame"	-1
Happy Friday to all! Saw Christmas Carol 3D IMAX last night... amazing.	1
I can't believe I just spent $16 on A Christmas Carol shoot	-1
I don't think I liked the new Christmas Carol movie much at all. Can they just re-release A Muppet's Christmas Carol? I loved that one!	-1
"If you haven't seen @JimCarrey 's new movie ""A Christmas Carol"" what are you waiting for? Best Movie I've seen all year.  Excellent work sir"	1
I just saw A Christmas Carol. It was great!! :)	1
"@imaxbirmingham saw Christmas carol tonight, defo 5 stars! We all loved it!"	1
I'm just chill'in with my BFF Kiersten. . . We went to see a Christmas Carol. . . And might I say It was so So SO AWESOME! You MUST go c it!	1
I SAW CHRISTMAS CAROL LAST WEEK PRETTY GOOD MOVIE AND MEN WHO STAIR AT GOATS PRETTY TOO.	1
"I went to see, ""A Christmas Carol"" over the weekend and did not like it. Not my cup if tea."	-1
@Jescalese saw Christmas Carol w/ Richardson and his GF...it was awesome...	1
"@JimCarret I just got home from seeing The Christmas Carol in 3D, it was amazing!! Job well done!!"	1
@jimcarrey I just saw Christmas Carol and I love you	1
@jimcarrey  Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D. Totally Awesome Jim! You are so multi-talented. Loved the new twist to the movie. Fun! Fun!	1
@JimCarrey just saw Christmas Carol in IMAX3D...The CG thing had me skeptical but you were still YOU..Everyone needs to watch this!	1
@JonathanRKnight  it''s a good nite so far...saw Christmas Carol and it was great!  doin some xmas shopping...drinkin a starbucks	1
@Julianna237 I am soooo glad I saw Christmas Carol in 3D and I saw previews of Alice in WOnderland in 3 D too wooootoooooo	1
Just  came back from the movies sittin in walgreen parkin lot saw Christmas Carol Lol Good one though got my hair cut too haha finally!!!!!!	1
"Just got back from the movies with Bree, Jelly Bean, Noo-Noo, Chopper, and Kurt. We saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D. It. was. AWESOME!!"	1
"just got home from seeing a christmas carol in 3d, so good. had fun with @MarcusIsLegend and his mommy."	1
"just got out of the movies. Saw 'A Christmas Carol""! I thought it was really good! I did get scared at some parts! : ) anyone else see it?"	1
Just saw 2012 & christmas carol good movies (SDP&Jay)	1
Just saw Christmas Carol..Great Movie!!	1
Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D! Sooo fun!	1
Just saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D - FREAKIN'' AMAZING!!  One of my favorite stories ever made just...incredible!  The only way to see it!	1
just saw christmas carol is was so good	1
Just saw christmas carol it was good i enjoyed it lol still sick though going to japanese tonight yumm	1
"Just saw Christmas Carol, Jim Carrey is AWESOME!"	1
Just saw Christmas Carol... kind of a disappointment. It was actually really really scary! NOT a kids movie :(	-1
Just saw Christmas carol & loved it!	1
just saw christmas carol...that movie is so damn weird....	-1
Just saw Christmas Carol with Jim Carrey.  It was awesome.	1
Just saw Christmas Carol with @_KaylaK @janahainey. innnnnteresting.	1
just saw christmas carol with mommy.. soo cute !.. going to nasis soon cant waittt	1
Just saw Christmas Carol with the family good good movie. Very cute. I recommend seeing it. Lol	1
just saw Disneys Christmas Carol with @mom2mopsy. I really liked it. The CG was magnificent.	1
just watched Christmas Carol in 3D!!!!! good stuff!	1
Just watched christmas carol in 3D.  Great experience.	1
"Just watched Christmas Carol open captioned. What a ride! The best Carol movie ever, IMHO."	1
LOVED A Christmas Carol...I found it at www.watchfreelinks.com check it out!	1
"loved ""A Christmas Carol""...reminds you to keep the Christmas spirit all year :)"	1
New Christmas Carol is creepy. Don't bring your kids.	-1
"@NICK__KAY I saw Christmas carol... It was dark, slow, n kinda scary... But Jim Carry is talented!!! All those voices..."	-1
"@notsostilllifes Agreed, so you were off yesterday? We saw Christmas Carol which was fairly good."	1
@Radioblogger @dcatlin wants to know if  you saw Christmas Carol today-she thought it was awesome #Marleysghost #hhrs	1
RT @BIGWAYDEGNS  good movies out?  (I just saw christmas carol w/ jim carrey. the 3-D is cool. go high)	1
RT RT @timastevens: Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.	1
"RT @Thurman86: Just watched christmas carol in imax, it was great, noe eating messican food"	1
RT @timastevens: Just saw Christmas Carol in 3D with the family. A good flick...well done.// Could not agree more!!! Amazingly well done.	1
"Saw ""2012"" and ""christmas carol"" last night with marianne. 2012=bad acting+sucky storyline+looks cool. Christmas carol=boring. Wait for dvd"	-1
Saw A Christmas Carol.  It was great!	1
Saw A Christmas Carol tonight. I actually really liked it. The animation was fantastic and it was kinda dark.	1
Saw Christmas Carol 2day... Well worth seeing in 3D! It is an amazing film and will be one of my favs next to Elf and It''s a Wonderful Life	1
"Saw Christmas Carol 3D. Great version. Jim Carrey excellent. The ghosts could have used a bit more characterisation, but very enjoyable 8/10"	1
"Saw Christmas Carol 3D with Lauren, Allyson, Kathy, Lindsey, Austin, and Jeremy! Sooo fun! Love time with my theatre kids:))"	1
saw Christmas Carol 3D with the family. not a good movie for little kids. very scary at times. the 3D effects were pretty amazing though.	-1
Saw Christmas Carol!! Amazing 3D. And Ro was awesome..such a little movie buff at 3! Not scary 4 her! Went with some cool peeps! free tix!	1
saw Christmas Carol and wasn''t too impressed.  That''s a lot of Jim Carrey.  Made BBQ ribs tonight and the kids all loved it!	-1
Saw Christmas Carol-i give it a 5. Kinda boring. I never like knowing the endings tho!! Fun time with the fam tho! Enjoyed it!!	-1
Saw Christmas Carol. I liked and the boys like it. Molly and Makiah not so much. Very dark.	1
Saw Christmas Carol @IMAX in 3D.  STUNNING!!!  About to plan persuasive unit for Y6 using Avatar trailer!	1
Saw Christmas Carol (in 3D) earlier this evening. Attention to detail in texture and lighting is magnificant.	1
saw christmas carol in 3d last night:)it was fantastic	1
"Saw Christmas Carol in 3D last nite, it wasn''t that bad at all, actually it was quite enjoyable!"	1
saw christmas carol in 3D last nite. not as much fun as they make you think.	-1
"Saw Christmas Carol in 3D this weekend! Jim Carrey was amazing! What a great movie.I''m in such a Christmas spirit, I''m ready to sing carols!"	1
saw Christmas Carol in 3D today. it was good.	1
"Saw Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D. I was expecting meh, and I got a fantastic film!  A score that had classic XMas carols made it even better!"	1
Saw Christmas Carol last night and was very pleased. Stayed true to the story and added some humor. Don''t bother with the 3-D.	1
Saw Christmas Carol last night... pretty good! totally worth seeing in the theater...	1
saw christmas carol pritty cool lol who 2 pic	1
Saw Christmas Carol. That should NOT be a PG! Freaky shiiiit!	-1
"saw christmas carol today, it''s a cute movie"	1
saw christmas carol yestaday wif the fam....it was gud	1
Saw Disney's A Christmas Carol in IMAX 3-D today. Loved it.	1
"shouts:saw Christmas cArol, it was good ^__^* tuday was fun :D"	1
Spent time with my favorite vet....I love him soooooo much....today and saw Christmas Carol....it was good	1
"@SquidDreams Disney's Christmas Carol. Creepy shit, honestly."	-1
"@SquidDreams In which one? Christmas Carol? Yes there was. It was really cool... Mind, this was my first. Still really cool."	1
"The 3D and visuals in A Christmas Carol are stunning. And the film ain't half bad either. Bizarre, creepy, and joyous!"	1
The box was a waste of time. A Christmas carol rocked!!!!	1
the movie was sold out so we just saw christmas carol it was boring coment neww pikks	-1
@trinity929 A Christmas Carol... Highly recommend it! I havent seen it but the previews were awesome!	1
Watched A Christmas Carol today with my family ^_^ I liked it.	1
Watched Christmas Carol in IMAX 3D on her last night in Calgary. Dissapointed with the movie. Not recommend for a Christmas movie.	-1
Watched Christmas Carol. Jim Carey made a great Scrooge. Amazing CGI. Stuck pretty close 2 the Dickens story. Kids dug it 2. Overall: B	1
watching bridezillas! there meann!!soo today i went to the mall saw a christmas carol w/my lil bro it was pretty good	1
went and saw Christmas Carol in 3D.  Jim Carey plays a good Scrooge.	1
went and saw christmas carol is was very good	1
went and saw the christmas carol movie a little scary but it was a great movie	1
"Went to see ""A Christmas Carol"" Saturday and found it to be great. A must see film."	1
"Went to see the Christmas Lights turning on today.  And also saw Christmas Carol in 3D, it''s a great movie. I reccomend it. :P"	1
"went to the movies with casey <3 we saw christmas carol. he, i mean, it was cutee lol"	1
"went to the movies with erics mom and sister. Saw ""A Christmas Carol."" that movie is not for kids. its creepy. [[DEVOTED <33]]"	-1
"We saw Christmas Carol in 3D, AMAZING!!!!! Can''t wait for Alice in wonderland in 3D"	1
What''s up guyz?? It''s been wayyyy too long. I just saw Christmas Carol 3D and it was freakin awesome!	1
"@adamwalton Hope u have good show - just back from cinema, Men Who Stare At Goats, threw popcorn everywhere, left a little disappointed!"	-1
"@AddressingYou Dear George Clooney Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Yeah no, it sucked donkey ass. Here let me provide you my addy for refund..."	-1
"aight gonna have a look tonite RT @MrHudson: just watched ""men who stare at goats"". extremely amusing"	1
"back from ""The Men Who Stare At Goats""... a pleasant, gentle, funny film. Glad I went to it. :)"	1
Been out with the boys at cinema.Saw The Men Who Stare At Goats.Very interesting.Gonna read the book I think.	1
Call Of Duty Is Quality. Saw 'The Men Who Stare At Goats' Today. Awful Movie	-1
"@concettasidoti Saw preview, looks good. Just saw Men who Stare at Goats. Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and Clooney"	1
"Did not care for ""The Men Who Stare at Goats"""	-1
do not see the men who stare at goats its a crappy movie	-1
DO NOT watch the men who stare at goats... Its a waste of money... Utterly...	-1
Due to the crap times seeing the men who stare at goats-it was my 5th choice	-1
Going to see 'Men Who Stare At Goats'. This should be awesome.	1
"Going to the cinema tonight with Andy, hopefully the film we see will be better than Men Who Stare at Goats or Public Enemies... what trash!"	-1
"go see ""The Men who Stare at Goats"" was great!"	1
"Great day..shopped, ate Japanese food and saw Men Who Stare at Goats (not blown away..)"	-1
Hanging with Adam. Saw Men Who Stare At Goats... Good movie!	1
has just watched men who stare at goats and it was quite amusing lol	1
Have seen Men Who Stare At Goats. It's pretty awesome. There were some cool trailers for things I don't remember now.	1
i actually liked the men who stare at goats. if you like the big lebowski then you would like this movie	1
I enjoyed The Men Who Stare At Goats highly.	1
"If you asked me what Men Who Stare at Goats was about, I couldn't tell you...it was THAT random!"	-1
If you feel like wasting your time go see Men Who Stare at Goats.	-1
i saw men who stare at goats. IT WAS FANTASTIC. i loved it	1
I saw Men Who Stare at Goats last night - a wonderful movie that approaches deeply profound ideas in a very entertaining way. Great cast!	1
i saw men who stare at goats. thought it was pretty good. lots of great performaces. movie was pretty funny	1
I saw men who stare at goats tonight. Very weird movie. I can''t say much else. You should probably see it though.	-1
I saw the men who stare at goats yesterday. omfg amazing	1
I want 93 minutes of my life back after sitting through Men Who Stare at Goats.  No idea what possessed us to see that steaming dung heap...	-1
I was going to watch that tomorrow RT @TheresnoSpoon: Just saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Odd movie	-1
Just been to see Men Who Stare at Goats w/ @MJWells and Crawf. Very Coen-esque. Worth a watch.	1
"Just got back from seeing The Men Who Stare At Goats in Basingstoke. Good film, quite enjoyable to watch."	1
Just got out of 'Men Who Stare at Goats.' Cute movie.	1
Just saw men Who stare at goats. Absolutely Brilliant! #Twitcritics	1
just saw men who stare at goats and even though it had some funny parts in general it was still a complete crapfest	-1
just saw men who stare at goats.  Good movie.	1
Just saw Men who stare at goats.  I found it quite hilarious.  GF... not so much.  Totally my kind of humour.	1
Just saw men who stare at goats. I think that I was missing something. Lame!	-1
"Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I thought it was pretty funny, and it makes you wonder how much if that stuff is true."	1
"Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. It was funny, still recovering from last night"	1
Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats... it was so bad that it was okay... feels like a cult movie that people will love for no logical reason.	-1
just saw men who stare at goats it was truly the most amazing movie about nothing i have ever seen.	1
Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I want that 90 minutes of my life back please.	-1
"Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. My word, but that was silly."	-1
"Just saw ""men who stare at goats"", pretty funny and definitely a good movie..."	1
"Just saw ""men who stare at goats"", pretty funny and definitely a good movie... - Foster City - CA"	1
"Just saw Men who stare at goats. Skip it. Could have been great, but completely missed the mark."	-1
just saw men who stare at goats.... unimpressed. now for some wii force unleashed.	-1
"Just saw Men Who Stare at Goats, utter silliness, I see lots of quoting and cult movie viewing in its future."	-1
Just saw Men who stare at goats. Very awesome. Now for sushi	1
"Just saw the men who stare at goats, awesome!"	1
Just saw The Men Who Stare at Goats. Lots of fun. I wanna be a Jedi Warrior.	1
"Just saw The Men who Stare at Goats. Mildly diverting w great performances from McGregor and Clooney, but not particularly satisfying"	1
Just seen Men who stare at goats and I liked it wasn't bad at all. Kept me laughing through the whole movie.	1
Just watched Men who stare at goats and it was brilliant! 5 out of 5 goats	1
Just watched men who stare at goats. So hilarious Georege Clooney was amazing	1
"@LadyCOOURRTNEYY I watched The Men Who Stare At Goats today. That was really good. Not typical ""mainstream"". Most people won't like it"	1
"@lakoist We saw men who stare at goats in Leicester Square.  Funny.  Whaddya think?  ""The Force is Strong With This One"""	1
loved men who stare at goats	1
"@matronedea Men Who Stare At Goats, Great!!"	1
"Men Who Stare at Goats disappointed-some good and/or funny parts but overall C+ or so. Would have been C, but they made fun of Reagan, so C+"	-1
Men Who Stare at Goats--Funny. I s it my imagination or does Clooney star in an abnormal number of male-casted movies?	1
Men who stare at goats= great movie!	1
Men who stare at goats great movie	1
men who stare at goats has goat to be the worst film in a weeee bit like!!	-1
Men Who Stare At Goats is absurdly funny.  That is all.	-1
Men Who Stare At Goats is excellent! Hilarious and well-acted.	1
Men Who Stare At Goats is fanfreakingtastic.	1
Men who stare at goats is such a shitty movie! Lol	-1
"Men who stare at Goats = must see. Very intelligent social commentary film. Sadly, I doubt most ppl get it. It's really good."	1
men who stare at goats needed to be funnier. slight disappointment there.	-1
Men Who Stare at Goats - not good. rather insulting.	-1
Men Who Stare at Goats rocked!	1
"Men Who Stare at Goats: The kind of movie that makes you ask ""wasn't there something better to spend their time/money on?"" Pointless film."	-1
"Men Who Stare at Goats.Unique movie.Scene where they drive suburbans into Ramadi reminded me of a day in Dec 06 in J-bad, AFG."	1
"Men who stare at goats, very! Strange, i would rather see the stepfather. But new moon comes out next week and i plan on seeing it."	-1
"Men Who Stare at Goats very worthwhile film. Final scene, doubly so."	1
"Men Who Stare at Goats was a lot of fun. Had a really tough day with the mules today, but will try one more thing before I hang up my hat."	1
"Men Who Stare at Goats, was a strange but qurky movie... I sorta recomend it?"	1
Men Who Stare at Goats was awesome. Kicking ass now at darts @ the Saucer.	1
Men Who Stare at Goats was..... bizarre to say the least	-1
men who stare at goats was dull. Ribena is tasty. #unrelated	-1
Men who stare at goats was interesting...but also kind of a let down...	-1
men who stare at goats was nice x) ..just wanna read the book now thooo.. g'nite!	1
Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty funny.  We enjoyed it.	1
Men who stare at goats was really good. Also George Clooney should play Walt Disney if thwey ever make a bio pic.	1
Men who stare at goats was terrible. Hippie army men? Eh...	-1
men who stare at goats was weird yet brilliant. Kinda want 2 get drunk now!	1
More training miles in the legs this weekend. Prepping to go for dinner w/ friends. Men Who Stare at Goats is a good movie. Go see it.	1
movie day double feature done. saw men who stare at goats (silly) and the damned united (fantastic). off to rancho for Amos the transparent.	1
must see The Men Who Stare at Goats	1
My brother shot things on MW2 and I saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Awesome movie by the way. I loved its charm.	1
"Now singing ""More than a Feeling"" cuz we just saw Men Who Stare at Goats. I like George Clooney when he does these kinds of parts."	1
Official ruling...the men who stare at goats was soooo good!!!!!!	1
"Oh, hey, everyone should totally go see ""The Men Who Stare at Goats"" cause its ten tons of funny."	1
"okay never never EVER see ""men who stare at goats"" it's a waste of money and a couple hours of your life you can never get back. rawr. >:("	-1
"Okay, so if someone says you either have to go see The Men Who Stare at Goats or jump into traffic.....jump into traffic."	-1
omg i saw men who stare at goats yesterday and it was soooo funny who ever didnt see it yet go see it its sooooo funny	1
Playing some catchup today. MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS is a hodgepodge of brilliance and awkward. Now on to see the world end Emmerich style.	1
"REALLY enjoyed Men Who Stare at Goats-Army's exploration of psychic skills, + creating ""jedi"" warriors. Funny+enlightening, w/lot o truth"	1
"RT @JamesAkersJr: ""That movie SUCKED!"" - Jeremy after we watched Men Who Stare At Goats"	-1
"RT @JasonSandquist    save yo money, ""the men who stare at goats"" is quite possibly one of the worst movies every produced"	-1
"RT @MrHudson just watched ""men who stare at goats"". extremely amusing "	1
"save yo money, ""the men who stare at goats"" is quite possibly one of the worst movies every produced"	-1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats. Amusing. Worth giggling at. Ewan McGregor learns to be a Jedi at last.	1
saw Men Who Stare at Goats and it sucked. Do not see it.	-1
"Saw ""Men Who Stare At Goats"", but don't recommend it. I fell asleep. Only 4 of us in the theater."	-1
"saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Fun film, though wish they''d used some of @jonronson ''s orginal footage. Loom room tonight!"	1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats... FUNNY movie! Ewan McGregor was seeeeexy!	1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Good For a Giggle and typical Jon Ronson	1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. It was....kinda dumb. But at least I didn''t have to see The Fourth Kind. *shudder*	-1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats last night.......brilliant! Oh and spent time with my favourite lady.....and had weird dreams!	1
"saw Men who stare at goats last night.  good film, made better by some good tache action. Trailer here: http://is.gd/4Tfwd #movember"	1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats last night.  Loved it!	1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats last night.Quite Funny.	1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats. So much wasted potential.	-1
"Saw ""Men who stare at goats"", that was AWESOME!!! I laughed soooooo much, great movie <3"	1
Saw MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS.  The goats were great!	1
"Saw Men Who Stare At Goats this week. Enjoyable film, but felt dramatisation detracted from jaw dropping revelations of the book."	1
"Saw Men Who Stare at Goats today - It was funny, weird, strange, I enjoyed it. Then again, practically anything starring Clooney I''ll watch."	1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats today w/ the husband. Disappointing w/ poorly dev. chars. It felt as if about half an hour of movie was missing	-1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats tonight. A lot better than studying. Glad to get my mind off things for a while.	1
Saw Men Who Stare at Goats tonight. Entertaining and George Clooney and Ewan McGregor were great. One of my favourite Ewan performances.	1
"Saw Men Who Stare at Goats tonight.  I expected it to be better.  Either I''ve got to lower expectations, or find better movies to go to."	-1
Saw Men who stare at Goats tonite. Really liked it. The jedi stuff was funny w/ Ewan McGregor in the movie.	1
saw Men Who Stare at Goats. Unexpectedly enjoyed that a lot more than I thought I would even though it was an absurdist comedy.	1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Very funny!!	1
"Saw Men Who Stare At Goats. Very good, acting was outstanding, as you might well expect. Lots of funny moments. Story starts in Ann Arbor!"	1
"saw men who stare at goats with mom,,, hallarious"	1
"Saw Men who stare at goats yesterday, a very strange, but somehow really nice film.  Out of place, or space?"	1
"Saw Men Who Stare at Goats yesterday, good flick ! Heading to a barnyard to practice....."	1
"saw men who stare at goats yesterday:|, it was rubbish=/"	-1
Saw Men Who Stare At Goats yesterday (rather good and amusing) and 2012 today (brilliantly mega epic). Good weekend!	1
"Saw the film ""Men who stare at Goats"" last week. Loved Jeff Bridges"	1
"Saw ""The Men Who Stare at Goats"". Really good movie. Got me thinking. Thinking about things completly unrelated to the movie."	1
saw the men who stare at goats - too short and really random with some funny parts... i loved it	1
"saw the men who stare at goats... total rip off.. that movie was stupid except for one part. i'm mad now, but at least i went shopping after"	-1
Saw the Men Who Stare At Goats written by #jonronson it's a lovely film I wasn't prepared for the appearance of Barney though	1
"Saw ""The Men Who Stare at Goats"" yesterday. Was actually pretty funny."	1
saw the movie men who stare at goats  funny movie	1
"Saw the movie, Men Who Stare at Goats. I am at once puzzled and awed. Feel like I need to see it again. And do some research."	1
"@scottybomb at least Men Who Stare at Goats us doing well? I can't believe people pay to see CGI and bad acting... wait, actually I can."	-1
"Sitting through the film ""Men Who Stare At Goats"" was almost as painful as ... staring at goats. FAIL!!! #menwhostareatgoats #fail"	-1
So I just saw Men Who Stare At Goats.  One word- Odd.	-1
so...Men Who Stare At Goats...hated it.	-1
So...Men Who Stare At Goats...May be the funniest movie I've seen all year. (I say that 'cause I'm seeing New Moon this Thursday...Snoogins)	1
"The limber mind is a must for adequate enjoyment of many things, including Men Who Stare At Goats! I loved it!"	1
The Men Who Stare At Goats... Ace!!! Really enjoyed it! I want to be a special forces Jedi Warrior :D Maybe I already am :|	1
The Men Who Stare at Goats..............a complete letdown	-1
the men who stare at goats amusing. kept waiting for the cheap shot of Obi-wan during all the Jedi talk. didn't come.	1
"The Men Who Stare At Goats: brilliant, funny, crazy. How Clooney and McGregor managed to keep their faces straight, we can only guess."	1
The men who stare at goats...excellent if a little wacky..lots of laughs followed by a Nandos and a large glass of wine. Happy Sunday x	1
The Men Who Stare at Goats = fantastically funny movie in that brilliantly self-aware sort of way	1
The men who stare at goats is no good!!!!!  Bad movie.     I hope the road is better.	-1
The Men Who Stare at Goats isn't very good at all..	-1
The men who stare at goats is probably one of the worst films ive ever seen...	-1
The Men Who Stare at Goats is probably the first comedy ive seen twice in theaters. loved it!	1
The Men Who Stare At Goats is the best movie that stars Ewan McGregor and Jedis.	1
The Men Who Stare at Goats is very funny.	1
The men who stare at goats kinda blew. Bummer	-1
The Men Who Stare at Goats should be one heck of a funny movie. Imagine killing a goat by staring at it.	1
"THE MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS - Stellar cast can't elevate this comedy above ""where's the motivation?"" though has a number of laughs. #movies"	1
The men who stare at goats us very ridiculous	-1
The Men Who Stare at Goats was a disappointment.  But New Moon on Thursday night is going to be SWEET!	-1
'the men who stare at goats' was amusing...but I still want to see 'an education'...a coming of age story in sixties london? irresistible.	1
"The Men Who Stare at Goats was even stranger than I expected. Worth watching, I would say."	1
The Men Who Stare at Goats was great! Cast was awesome! Sooo funny!!!	1
The Men Who Stare At Goats was hilarious :D	1
"the men who stare at goats was horrible, dont see it.....back to watching the big bang theory."	-1
The Men Who Stare at Goats was pretty funny.	1
The Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty funny	1
The Men Who Stare At Goats was pretty good	1
"Thrilled and surprised to see @RhysieDarby in Pirate Radio!  Great movie, go see it, skip Men Who Stare at Goats."	-1
"@TinaMW    Saw Men Who Stare at Goats last weekend. Awful movie // Dang it, I was looking forward to another George Clooney comedy."	-1
"tired, gr8 day, saw MEN WHO STARE AT GOATS (2 thumbs up), hung w/family, my gr8 cousin and aaron :D"	1
"@Totalbiscuit Did you see Men Who Stare At Goats in the end? Personally I think I liked it, but not entirely sure, needs a rewatch on dvd."	1
"Watched Men Who Stare at Goats. Amusing, cute & Ewan McGregor. Didn''t really have a plot. Glad I was drinking beer while watching it."	1
Watched Men who stare at goats. It was an ummm entertaining movie.	1
Watched Men Who Stare at Goats.  It was as exciting as staring at goats. #fb	1
Watched Men Who Stare At Goats. Not as good as I was expecting. Some guy in the cinema found it very funny tho. I was happy for him. :)	-1
"Watched Men Who Stare At Goats. Odd, campy, funny, not a masterpiece, almost too silly. Flower jedi ending. Spacey channeling, ""tin cup"" Ha!"	-1
"Watched ""The men who stare at goats"" at the cinema last night.  Very funny"	1
watched the men who stare at goats..fantastic stoner flick! :)	1
watched the  most stupid movie of my life..men who stared at goats..dont even stare at this film poster..2 hours of torture	-1
"went and saw men who stare at goats with mom, I give it a thumbs up!"	1
Went and saw The Men Who Stare At Goats. Freaking great movie.	1
Went on a date tonight with my lover. The men who stare at goats.....dumb. Walked out after the first 20 minutes. Went to Gameworks instead!	-1
Went to Men Who Stare at Goats.  Remote viewing is pretty standard in my line of work so I found the  story fairly credible. Nice & light.	1
Went to see Men who stare at goats - disappointing	-1
"Went to see ""men who stare at goats"" it was pretty funny.. gonna go try cloud bursting now :D lawl"	1
"Went to see ""Men Who Stare at Goats"" last night - funny movie!"	1
"Went to see ""Men who Stare at Goats"" today. I highly recommend it."	1
Went to see The Men Who Stare at Goats today. Funny clever film and only 90 mins long.	1
writin an essay! YES! Oh and saw Men Who Stare at Goats...pretty good movie..........ummmmmm or what??????? #OrWhat	1
"Absolutetly LOVED Pirate Radio (The Boat that Rocked) ?. Classic rock & PSH, what's not to love? ?  #fb"	1
Agree! RT @missmon_ika:YES! THIS! :D @buhbeesgirl EVERY1 MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!	1
"also saw Pirate Radio on a whim last night and it is awful, you have been  warned"	-1
@am13er I know - he's the best. I saw Pirate Radio with TomStu last night. Good stuff - awesome music.	1
And Pirate Radio is such a great movie! Glad I saw it with Steven<3333	1
at the pad..watched Pirate Radio!..great movie!..ROCK & ROLL!	1
"Awesome movie, I watched ""Pirate Radio"" last night... 2 hours of pure joy."	1
"By the way, <3 Pirate Radio"	1
"@carafornia you best take @lauren__ashley to see pirate radio, it was amazing.  amazing."	1
@catdecember Pirate Radio has everything I ever loved about radio. I kinda miss it	1
@cellebelle no your answer is wrong. Because pirate radio looks surprisingly...terrible?	-1
"Come on US, go see Pirate Radio,, it's the funniest movie of this year"	1
Don't miss Pirate Radio.  It was so much fun!	1
Dreadful opening weekend for Pirate Radio (The Boat That Rocked) in the U.S... um... there's a reason for that...	-1
Drinking Sapphire and tonics on the porch tonight. Pleasantly buzzed. Saw Pirate Radio today ... awesome soundtrack.	1
@druidDUDE Pirate Radio is amazing i love this movie	1
@ensredshirt I looked at the soundtrack for Pirate Radio. Sure is great music. Now I really want to see that movie! Glad you liked it.	1
EVERYONE LOVES PIRATE RADIO! they have to.	1
EVERYONE MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!	1
For our last date night before going on hiatus went and saw Pirate Radio.  It''s a rockin'' must see.	1
"Fun weekend with my best friend. Saw Pirate Radio on Friday. Amazing. Chilled out, played GH3, watched LOTMS, crashed. Immensely fun."	1
"Go see Pirate Radio!  What a lot of fun. And, if you're forty-eleven like me, it's the sound track of your childhood."	1
"Got back from watching Pirate Radio around 2am, Love That Movie!! ;D"	1
"Great Movie, the soundtrack is awesome :) RT @Tedracat: I'm going to see Pirate Radio this afternoon (aka The Boat that Rocked)..."	1
@hiolivejuiicee I saw Pirate Radio cause it just came out yesterday. And it was funny romantic and really very good.	1
Holy crap. Pirate radio was good. Really good.	1
How bout it then? ..... Pirate Radio is a must see! I can't wait for it to come out on DVD so I can watch it everyday.	1
I had so much fun this weekend with @kcorbammej @dannyellow95 and @pantanamo. Pirate Radio was freaking radical. New favorite movie for sure.	1
I havent been this happy with a movie in real long time! Pirate Radio was awesome!	1
I just saw PIRATE RADIO -- liked it a bunch and recommend to anyone.	1
"I just watched Pirate Radio. What should I say, hummm...nothing less than A M A Z I N G ?!!? yes, nothing less than A M A Z I N G."	1
I just watched Pirate Radio with @ChrisMatthews! Gotta love DC.	1
I loved Pirate Radio...absolutely genius! LOVED IT! Highly recommend.	1
"I love Pirate Radio. That movie is too good, but...long."	1
"I saw Pirate Radio. GO SEE IT! Great movie and great soundtrack. If you want something light, it''s worth the time."	1
"I SAW PIRATE RADIO! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! @TomSturridgecom So proud of wittle Tom! :-)"	1
"I saw ""Pirate Radio"" today and thought it was a hoot with some great performances and an amazing soundtrack."	1
i SUPER wanna see pirate radio again.  SUPERRRR.	1
Is very happy I went to see pirate radio with friends great movie.	1
"it might be possible to make a more inept movie than 'pirate radio', but it would take a lot of work. spectacularly incompetent."	-1
I very much enjoyed Pirate Radio. I think more people should go see it.	1
"@joygreenmcgann Saw Pirate Radio w/my son. Loved it and the sound track, definitely in a ''60s groove. How''s things in your world?"	1
Just got back from hanging with @xomisskirstie saw pirate radio best movie ever	1
Just saw (& loved!!) Pirate Radio!	1
"Just saw Pirate Radio and it was AAWEEESOMMEE, you have to see it! Good soundtrack, costumes and people are hysterical!"	1
"Just saw Pirate Radio, and you know, it was pretty awesome! Philip Seymour Hoffman, Nick Frost, Bill Nighy, Rhys Darby... what a great cast!"	1
Just saw pirate radio. Best time I''ve had at the movies since Jurassic park..and nighy has moves! Brilliant flick	1
just saw Pirate Radio... enjoyed the soundtrack!	1
Just saw pirate radio.  F''ing rocked!!	1
just saw Pirate Radio. go see it. it will change your life	1
Just saw Pirate Radio... It was awsome! Highly recomend it.	1
Just saw Pirate Radio. It was so good!	1
just saw Pirate Radio!! It was soooo good! Omg I loved it. Definitely one of my new fave movies	1
Just saw Pirate Radio! It was the awesomes!!! :) i need the soundtrack!	1
just saw Pirate Radio... loved it! ;)	1
Just saw Pirate Radio. Loved it.	1
"just saw Pirate Radio.  Oh yeah, great movie!  ROCK ON!!"	1
Just saw pirate radio. Pretty good movie makes me wish I had been alive during that era	1
"just saw Pirate Radio, pretty good, probably a better DVD than a theater pick"	1
Just saw pirate radio. Pretty good. Time to drive home in the snow. BOO!	1
Just saw Pirate Radio. Rotten tomato was a bit harsh on it. I had a great time watching it. Very funny with awesome tunes!!	1
"Just saw Pirate Radio. Sorry to say, after all the hype I was underwhelmed"	-1
Just saw Pirate Radio (The Boat That Rocked). Really enjoyed it. Great soundtrack!	1
Just saw Pirate Radio. What a fun trip down memory lane musically.	1
just watched PIRATE RADIO and it was....AMAZINGLY AWESOMEISHLY GREAT! the soundtrack to this movie is unbelievable! you have to see it! :)	1
"Just watched Pirate Radio.  Good movie, great soundtrack."	1
"@Krystalizing I would recommend pirate radio, watch that instead."	1
"Like counter-culture, 60's rock, & P. S. Hoffman? You'll like Pirate Radio. Seriously, one of the best movies I've seen in a while."	1
Loved pirate radio but this is a totally biased opinion bc I feel Richard Curtis can do no wrong	1
Loved Pirate Radio.  Downloading any songs on the soundtrack I don't already own!	1
loved Pirate Radio. Feel good movie of the year!	1
Loved Pirate Radio.  Good movie.  Very funny.	1
loved Pirate Radio! Go see it if you like crazy brit humor!	1
Loved Pirate Radio. Love the glass of chardonnay that I am drinking!	1
Loved Pirate Radio! The 60's music playing nearly continually during the movie was a bonus.	1
"Love, love, loved ""Pirate Radio"". Probably no one else will, because I have strange movie tastes."	1
@luckeyme Pirate Radio (The Boat that Rocked) is probably one of the best movies I have seen in the last two years. :)	1
@LyricalAsshole dunno if you've seen the movie Hurt or Pirate Radio...but both very good films...especially pirate radio	1
Mary poppins was amazing on broadway and I saw pirate radio last night. Very good. Interesting ending. @brucej987 the frogs were awesome lol	1
@MichaelWittig just saw Pirate Radio.. HIGHLY recommend it!! It was VERY good!!  Do not not not not see 2012... it''s bad bad bad!!!!	1
"Movie fiction that it is, Pirate Radio was fun.  Great soundtrack but where were the music arguments/discussions?"	1
"My review from last night     Pirate Radio=Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of foolery. If you like music you'll love this movie"	1
@nathan_reed I really like Pirate radio.	1
"@nicholascarroll Saw Pirate Radio last night; enjoyed it immensely. No meaningful message/observations, but tons of fun and excellent music!"	1
@NickColeman Your movie advice is being called seriously into question. Pirate Radio was pure fun!	1
@nickjfrost just saw The Boat That Rocked/Pirate Radio and I thought it was brilliant! You and the rest of the cast were fantastic! <3	1
@nickjfrost My friend and I left the theatre with a bit of melancholia. We saw Pirate Radio and didn''t want it to end.	1
@nicole_rae I saw Pirate Radio last night and loved it--I think you and Q would dig	1
"@ninenorthlp The color, the music, the story...are great. It's already in my all-time favorites! Pirate Radio ROCKS!"	1
"Oh, and just saw Pirate Radio aka The Boat That Rocked, and loved it. Add Chris O''Dowd to the list of Irishmen I have a thing for."	1
Oh my GOD!! I loved Pirate Radio!!!!! It was SO GOOD! Awwwhh!	1
"OK, so I see some of you have made this statement already. But I have to follow suit in this case. Pirate Radio was good..."	1
"@orangecountygal Breakfast on my ""to do"" list HA. Saw Pirate Radio last night, lots of fun (no covers!)"	1
Pirate radio awesome.  Got to love the 60's	1
pirate radio! best movie! TomStu StOLE that movie! he's another Brit god !	1
"Pirate Radio, great flick."	1
Pirate Radio HOT! Best movie I've seen in a long time.	1
"Pirate Radio. I laughed until I was in pain. Great premise, hilarious interpretations, especially by Kenneth Branagh with a comic moustache."	1
"Pirate Radio is a fun, entertaining movie."	1
"Pirate Radio is an infinitely more upbeat counterpoint to ""2012"". Best soundtrack of any movie ever. Branagh was great. Nighy as well."	1
Pirate Radio is pretty good.  Had a lot of fun.	1
Pirate Radio is ridiculously good	1
Pirate Radio is the best movie of the year in my book.	1
"Pirate Radio is the most enjoyable movie I've seen this year. Actually, laughed outloud in the theater. That never happens :)"	1
Pirate radio is the shit. freak yea	-1
"Pirate radio looks stupid, rebellion isn't  cool anymore"	-1
Pirate Radio made me happy. I looove it.	1
"Pirate Radio=Massive win! Stellar cast, great story, tons of foolery & cute lil TomStu too. If you like music you'll love this movie. :)"	1
"Pirate Radio = not a very good movie. Sorry. I wanted to like it, but just couldn't. Fantastic cast though."	-1
"Pirate Radio rocked so very hard! Today's movie: Fantastic Mr. Fox. Reviews of both, for those who care, on tomorrows blog."	1
"Pirate Radio rocked! Yes, I did just say that. :)"	1
Pirate Radio...seriously amazing movie if truely appreciate music! I got a little misty! In see it!	1
Pirate Radio...truely fantastic movie if you truely appreciate music. I got a bit misty. Go see it!	1
"Pirate Radio was absolutely amazing, add a free dinner at Doyles with that and you got my perfect sunday night"	1
"Pirate Radio was adorable, I'm now mad crushing on at least 90% of the attractive hipster pirate djs, sorry @nateperkins"	1
Pirate Radio was a great movie for the chilly grey Sunday! rock n roll duderz!	1
"Pirate Radio was amazing, fyi. ""You've got my name written on your boobies!"""	1
pirate radio was AMAZING!! I LOVED IT!!!	1
Pirate Radio was amazing. You all must go see it.	1
Pirate Radio was awesome- highly recommend it!	1
Pirate Radio was AWESOME! Need 2 start seeing movies @ Landmark E St. theatre more often.	1
Pirate Radio was AWESOME!!! We all cried a little in the end... Except for Jaimee... She has no heart. I love you Jaimee!!!	1
Pirate Radio was epic everyone needs to go see it !!	1
Pirate Radio was excellent. Reccomended to all.	1
"Pirate Radio was good, and I got to watch it for free-started showing promos 10 min b4 ending"	1
Pirate Radio was Good! Go watch it!	1
Pirate radio was great. a must see and get the sound track.  love classic rock.  was a feel good comedy with a interesting history lesson.	1
Pirate Radio was hilarious. Everybody needs to see it.	1
Pirate radio was inspiring. I'm buying it.	1
Pirate Radio was pretty brilliant. Many an appearance from Norrington (Jack Davenport) XD.	1
"Pirate Radio was really, really good! But I'm starting to worry that I can't watch movies with other human beings. So annoying!!! #fb"	1
Pirate radio was so good last night.	1
"Pirate Radio was so much FUN last night! Need some movie reverie? Go see it. That is, unless you don't like rock 'n' roll. Or having fun."	1
Pirate Radio was SUCH a good movie. I recommend it to everyone.	1
Pirate Radio was the shit last night! =]	-1
"Please excuse the God-awful cliched pun, but PIRATE RADIO freaking rocked."	1
Quick Movie Review: Pirate Radio = Bloody Brilliant!!	1
RT @buhbeesgirl: EVERYONE MUST GO SEE PIRATE RADIO (aka The BoatThat Rocked) W TOMSTU!!! SUCH A FANTASTIC MOVIE!!!	1
RT @chrisrbrown: only good thing about seeing the horrible Pirate Radio at Cobble Hill Cinema tonight was Gabriel Byrne was in the audience.	-1
"RT @Zigster_: I SAW PIRATE RADIO! So much fun, I really really ridicuously enjoyed it! <-- I was thinking of seeing it. Good to know!"	1
"saturday had a little snag, had to go rescue the sis...also go see Pirate Radio its awesome."	1
Saw Pirate Radio! Ah. . . those Brits!  Must see if you enjoy the 60''s music or just a well written comedy.  A little bawdy! It''s the 60''s!	1
"Saw Pirate Radio and love, love, loved it! Great, funny movie."	1
"Saw Pirate Radio - great fun, fantastic soundtrack"	1
Saw Pirate Radio. Great movie. Very funny. Well worth the full price of the tickets.	1
Saw Pirate Radio last night and it is officially my new fave movie. It also helps that the main character looks kinda like @brendonuriesays	1
"Saw Pirate Radio last night and it was absolutely great--amazing cast, fun story, epic soundtrack"	1
Saw Pirate Radio last night. Lotsa fun & gr8 music. Kenneth Branagh is hilariously over-the-top.	1
"Saw ""Pirate Radio"" last night. Loved the music, loved the cast, liked the idea of it. Nothing too heavy, light fun."	1
"Saw ""Pirate Radio"" last night. Silly, flawed film but can't get  ""Elenore"" by The Turtles out of my head--great scene, great song."	-1
"Saw Pirate Radio last night - terrific movie, with a stellar cast."	1
"Saw Pirate Radio last night. Very fun, a little silly. Emma Thompson managed to be absolutely brilliant with only a small role."	1
Saw Pirate Radio.  Laughed like crazy.  Silly movie.	-1
Saw Pirate Radio...LOVED IT!	1
Saw Pirate Radio…AMAZIN	1
Saw Pirate Radio movie last night...it's a hoot.  Go see it.	1
"saw pirate radio-not a great movie, but reminded me that I need to turn off my tv and listen to some great music."	-1
"Saw Pirate Radio today, good. Hard to believe that Beatles & Stone best 1967 rock from UK but not played in UK other than by radio pirates"	1
Saw Pirate Radio today (not good) but was pleasantly surprised 2 of my movie girlfriends are in it: January Jones & Emma Thompson. Who knew?	-1
"Saw Pirate Radio today, very entertaining but some songs played were actually made years after the time period of the movie ended."	1
Saw Pirate Radio today... Was A LOT better than I thought. Really funny and just a good.. warm movie. =)	1
"Saw Pirate Radio tonght, and wasn''t as impressed as I thought I would be.  Definitely a movie in search of a plot."	-1
"Saw Pirate Radio tonight and it was freaking awesome. Everyone needs to see it NOW Fantastic soundtrack and funny, what more could you want?"	1
Scratch that. Went and saw Pirate Radio and it was FANTASTIC.	1
"So pirate radio was a totally awesome movie! And the soundtrack, even better!"	1
The movie Pirate Radio looks good.	1
thinks every real music lover should check out Pirate Radio	1
thought that Pirate Radio was awesome... poker night has been pretty fun even though I lost a few minutes ago :(	1
"@travisrclark should've seen Pirate Radio, that movie was really great!"	1
Two days of great music @crowderband last night and just saw Pirate Radio so so good.	1
Two thumbs up for pirate radio!	1
@tylermgraves You would love Pirate Radio.  Totally up your alley.  Enjoy DH.	1
"Very much enjoyed Pirate Radio. Made me remember a few songs I love that I haven't heard in a while. Beach Boys, Procol Harum, The Who. Yes!"	1
Watched Pirate Radio. Was Funny.	1
"Watched Pirate Radio yesterday, it's a musical delight and very funny"	1
watching pirate radio friken awesome....the projector died in 2012 lol	1
"Went to see Pirate Radio [7/10] tonite. Funny and fun. Great music as well. Sex, drugs, and Rock 'n' Roll. And alcohol. Good times."	1
Went to see Pirate Radio instead. Fabulous.	1
Went to see Pirate Radio last night - what a hoot and the music was great! Yo9u should go.	1
"went to the AMC, saw a movie.(Pirate Radio = Awesome!) couldn't checkin. Thinking about doing Kar Caraoke! ;-) sitting still though, be safe"	1
"we saw Pirate Radio last night . fun , great movie but you gotta at least like rock n roll or it won't make sense"	1
"2012 - a stupid, idiotic hollywood product... was this the much awaited movie of the century? Impressed on the amazing visual treat, though!"	-1
2012 : boring and awful movie :o(	-1
"2012 - I don't give a shit about the movie, or the ludicrous idea behind it"	-1
#2012 is a load of freakin shit!!!!... I'm not even gonna support the idea by watching the movie!!!	-1
2012 is a long ass movie	-1
"2012 - is not a disaster movie, this movie is a disaster!!!"	-1
'2012' is the biggest piece of shit that has come out this year. The movie is a bigger disaster than the ones they show in it.	-1
2012 is the stupidest movie ive ever seen! wat a waste of special effects!	-1
2012 is the worst movie of 2009!	-1
2012 it's a freaking huge movie ! i saw it yesterday ! amazing !!	1
2012 movie... hmmm... i didnt really enjoy it... but the takikomi gohan and maguro sashimi after the movie was great!! hehehe..	-1
2012 Movie sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	-1
"2012, nice movie, I saw it this Saturday, only thing I can say... amazing effects and very predictable end."	1
2012 not a great movie don't see watch it	-1
2012 sucked. I kept falling asleep. I had been up since at 4am and the movie was at 10pm so maybe thats why. If anything it's a RENTAL.	-1
2012. The worst movie of all time. That's 2-1/2 hours of my life I will never get back. Just awful.	-1
2012 was a terrible movie. I don't understand why the reviewer in the paper gave it a good score.  =/	-1
2012 was garbage in movie form	-1
'2012' was the PITS. Do NOT waste your $10 nor your 2 hours & 38 minutes. First movie I ever walked out on.	-1
Always funny when this happens but the words on 2012 are staring to gush out as I write my review. Movie sucks but I'm loathe to trash it.	-1
Bad movie 2012.. warning	-1
BLAHH WORK. N 2012 WASNT THAT GREAT OF A MOVIE.... AT ALL.	-1
@casuallydone I would put money on 2012 being shit. It's a mindless action movie. Think Independence Day with out the quality cast.	-1
"Dear Roland Emmerich, your 2012 movie sucks and you are stupid. It was really pretty though so there's that. - JD."	-1
despite the fact that maad ppl didn't like the movie 2012....I did!!!!	1
Do not waste your money on the movie 2012. Precious is so much more worthwhile and thought-provoking.	-1
Don't go see 2012 movie is garbage!!!	-1
Finally I saw 2012 and I really don''t believe the world is gonna end like that shit I believe the illumanti is behind this movie to	-1
@FletcherFans new moon o/ I saw 2012 and it''s terrible. I''m really scared ;/ x	-1
fyi - terrible movie 2012. WAY over the top and so not worth going to see in the movies!	-1
had such high hopes for this movie and was sadly disappointed. 2012 runs for 2 hours and 38 minutes.	-1
Hmm 2012 had the 5th best opening weekend in history grossing $225 - Still - not a great movie in my opinion!!	-1
hmm 2012 the movie isn't  very optimistic	-1
I just saw 2012 and there is only one person that I want by my side during some shit like that	-1
"i just saw 2012. wasn''t the best movie. but... the main guy, ''Adrian'' was fit! don''t care how old he is, lol ;P"	-1
"I just watched 2012. Tons of geology to stir the pot there. Despite my love of all things Cusack, not a very good movie"	-1
Im home na! Watched 2012 in the big screen.It was another thrilling movie that made me palpitate.LOL The movie-goers line-up was a blast!	1
I'm on a mission to save everyone from watching 2012 worst movie ever I rather watch dirty dancing	-1
"I really had a great time . Watched 2012 with fav cuz , Nadirah , Love ya ."	1
Is anybody surprised that 2012 is such a shit movie?	-1
"I saw 2012, hmm not my cup of tea, seeing Law Abiding Citizen now."	-1
"I saw 2012.  I saw 2012.  I''m...upset?  Disappointed in myself? Tired?  Yep, that''s it, I''m tired."	-1
I saw 2012 last night. Typical disaster movie. Far reaching and not very realistic but the popcorn was good.	-1
@JohnStuddFN Chillin Bro.. Just Saw 2012.. shit was wack now I''m up lol	-1
"Just back from the cinema. I saw 2012. Oh gawd the acting was awful, and do those children never behave?! Good CGI, but that''s all."	-1
...Just did happy hour & watched 2012 (Awesome movie!). Now @ Matt''s baseball game. Go Fairfield A''s!!	1
"Just saw 2012. All I can say is, wow. Everyone start saving up your money for those seats on the ark."	1
Just saw 2012....boring.... long!	-1
just saw 2012.. didn''t like it.. though it was good film.. :p	-1
just saw 2012. end of the world was never so disappointing. wasted 200 bucks too.	-1
Just saw 2012 - had to leave my brain at home for that one...	-1
just saw 2012. it was really good	1
Just saw 2012.it was very long+really not very good	-1
just saw 2012. i wished the end of the world would come & spare me during the stupid movie haha	-1
just saw 2012... omg that movie is horrible	-1
just saw 2012.....so horribly amateur and cliche.....the indian guy-jimi mistry was jus too awful....quite put off	-1
Just saw 2012...terrible movie or most terrible movie ever? Man it sucked!	-1
just saw 2012...the worst world ending movie ever	-1
"Just saw 2012. What a looong, dragged, hollywood flick!"	-1
"Just watched 2012. 1,5 hours of my life wasted. Dont watch this crappy movie. Sucked!"	-1
Just watched 2012 and damn this movie is longer then the Titanic. It was a mess distraction porn with a dumb Hollywood ending. BULLSHIT!	-1
just watched 2012 and felt like hearing a very very old story of noa''s ark with all the glitters of CG...nothing impressive........	-1
Just watched 2012 - has Roland Emmerich lost his mind?	-1
Just watched #2012. It has the production values of a bad soap opera. I didn''t expect much but I''m still disappointed.	-1
just watched ''2012''..lame ang istorya..effects ok lang.	-1
"Just watched 2012, really enjoyed it but hope none of that shit actually happens! CiN call time is 12 so I can actually have a lie in!"	1
"just watched ""2012"". That movie sucks! >:("	-1
Just watched 2012. What a bloody long movie. Pretty average one at that...	-1
"just watched 2012. yea, i dont like it."	-1
@lifted_truth i hated that movie 2012	-1
"Me, @roadtoapathy and Diane watched 2012 yesterday! The movie was really great even I had a nap inside the cinema.. DIACHICA ROCKSSSSS!"	1
@MiSsDe_La_O lol cause I was disappointed from 2012 so I need to see a good movie lol I get off work in an hour and 3ish from school today	-1
@missgigip imma just look at the previews and say that 2012 is probably NOT the movie you want lol	-1
"@missmeggiepoo saw 2012 and was not blown away - for me just another generic epic disaster film couched in the 2012 myth..how ''bout ""Road""?"	-1
Morning tweeps! - Saw 2012 last night. What a load of old rubbish. Impressive effects...but that was as good as it got #avoid	-1
"Movie Review from guy at work: ""2012 was hilarious""."	-1
ok i didn't like 2012 movie.. only billionaries will survive? and people in china?!?  hell no!!	-1
"ok, so we saw 2012 yesterday....two words: Holy Shit! Why oh why did i go watch it? I''m taking some flying lessons ASAP. lol"	-1
"@pratsie @P_En my friends said 2012 is a boring movie. :D i dunno, i gotta watch & find out myself.. haha.. :D"	-1
Really? I want to see it. RT @holdontightkid: @MidnightSaphira oh yeah ha. I went and watched 2012 last night. It was sad!	-1
"@robwillb LOL saw 2012 and i was not impressed, great visuals but the characters were so weak and i  didn''t sympathize with any of them."	-1
@ronpurtee that movie looks EVEN DUMBER than 2012... Somehow. Didn't think tWas possible.	-1
RT @davidschneider: Saw 2012 last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.	1
RT @Dom21Price: I wanna see 2012-- that got damn movie	-1
RT @IAMBIGO #IFEELSORRY4 THE PEOPLE THAT BELIEVE THAT 2012 SHIT ... im starting i saw 2012 movie was crazy	-1
RT @Jayoh4President: 2012....the shit going on is ill but the movie as a WHOLE.. TRASH<---u rly thought the movie was wack??	-1
RT @maharis: The movie #2012 gave a new meaning to disappointing. Srsly :P @MoodMooks @Sweej @reneesville	-1
RT @rimamelatiadams: 2012?DISAPPOINTED!Roland Emmerich u bttr cum up with a gd plot on ur next movie!! Cuz 2012 sux but CG is a 2 thumbs up.	-1
"RT @sexiiscorp Saw 2012 last night...smh!!! Shyt got me thinkin ""wat if"" <--- Eff that Wack movie."	-1
Saw 2012...A ''popcorn movie'' to say the least..Ronald Emmerich could do much better..	-1
Saw 2012...good...Amanda peet looking awesome...But India not that Bad still..as they have potrayed in the movie..specially vis a vis china!	1
Saw #2012 it was STUPID i didn''t like it that much too many dumb scenes so unrealistic lmao	-1
Saw 2012 it woz sick in both ways	-1
Saw 2012 last night. Amazing CGI mock-ups of the disastrous Olympic logo and opening ceremony.	1
Saw 2012 last night and it was lame. I sat through 2hrs. and 20min of cliche plot. Good sp. fx though.	-1
Saw 2012 last night.  Disappointing cuz there was only one trailer before the movie.  I feel gipped!  Also things go boom! yay!	-1
"saw 2012 last night found at least 6 referances to other disaster movies it was great fun, what was up with all the WI referances?"	1
"saw 2012 last night, hilarious..."	-1
saw #2012 last night. Hmm. Too many Sfx  - but nonetheless breathtaking. Storyline highly optimistic. One time is enough - not a keeper.	1
Saw 2012 last night. It was pretty sick. I almost cried like ten times! HaHa	-1
Saw 2012 last night. Loved Adam Lambert's song at the end of the movie.	1
saw 2012 last night && now i`m in this world geographyy class.. this shit has me trippin lowkey lol	-1
"Saw ""2012"" last night...the most improbable movie I''ve ever seen. Not the world ending thing, but constantly escaping in the nick of time."	-1
"Saw 2012 last night, what a waste of time that was! Can''t remember the last time I saw such a shit movie... maybe War of the Worlds 2"	-1
Saw #2012 last nite. It's basically ur typical disaster movie. Nuttin too crazy. It's gr8 to watch once. It felt like a simulation ride.	1
Saw 2012. Thought it was a fun ride. Still a lot of idiots in the theater...	1
Saw 2012 & Time Travelers Wife today. 2012''s ending was disappointing and I probably should''ve read Time Travelers Wife first but oh well.	-1
Saw 2012 today.... A Visual Spectacle.. Kudos to the Visual FX team.. But the movie on the whole couldnt match upto Independence day...	1
saw 2012 today. long movie. cool effects.	1
saw 2012 today. One word - BULLCRAP!	-1
Saw 2012 yest. Aside from the special effects the movie was ridiculous.	-1
@souljaboytellem the world isn't going to end in 2012 bro. but good movie	1
@Tarunmansukhani 2012 was the crappiest movie ever.	-1
The movie #2012 gave a new meaning to disappointing.	-1
the movie 2012 is so sad and scary	-1
The movie 2012 was the shit-nes....lol	-1
This 2012 movie is hilarioooouuss!	-1
"@tommcfly Hiya tom saw 2012 last night, fab film just wanted to book you as our pilot!!!!! don''t forget us lol"	1
@Valdy2k1 the movie 2012 was alright nothing special... Lol	-1
watched 2012.. exhilirating and classy animation but smthng lacked- may be the story..!!	-1
Watched 2012 last night. I''ve never heard more bad cliches fit into such a short period of time as with this thing.	-1
watched 2012 last night. loved the graphics but the story seemed to closely resemble Day After Tomorrow too much. everyone should have died	1
Watched 2012 last night. Was disappointing.	-1
Watched 2012 last night. Was terrible.	-1
Watched 2012 nd sipped on arbor mist with lelia last nite.. Wat a absurd movie soo farfetched nd predictable!	-1
"Watched 2012. Some over the top scenes, but overall pretty good for fans of end-of-the-world type films. Some good messages in there too."	1
Watched 2012 today got to say disappointed just doesnt compare to independence day or even day after tomorrow...pity:(	-1
watched 2012 today. The special effects were jaw dropping! But the story was filled with cliches and just mentioned a little about the Mayan	1
"watched 2012 tonight. pretty useless movie i guess.exactly what i expected it to be, nothing less and sadly nothing more."	-1
watched 2012....was a disappointing movie...!!only the spl effects were gud..!!	-1
"Watched 2012 with @M0rn1ng this afternoon and loved it. Our seats were shaking, I love digital surround sound."	1
Watched 2012 wiv @ShylahMorgana. Gud movie great graphics but the storyline itself is nt half as imaginative as i hoped	1
Watched 2012 w/ some friends today. Had a great time :) going to sleep now. Bye folks!	1
Watched 2012 yesterday. The epitome of a Hollywood classic entertainment cash cow ;-)	1
Weird day today... Saw 2012 which was lame... I have the odd feeling that someone is keeping something from me or lying to me but I''m no	-1
Well damn. LOL RT @lwhitneyb: 2012 is the worst movie I've seen all year hands down.  I'd rather sit thru a Glitter marathon.	-1
"we saw 2012 last night, EPIC....... fail. Anyone else seen this movie disaster?!?"	1
wow RT @steviecarlson '2012' is worst movie i have ever seen. would rthr go to dble feature of 'glitter' & 'crossroads' than see it again	-1
"yesterday i saw 2012, I was expecting to see more of the maya culture in the movie. I was disappointed."	-1
